my dream is a pipe dream
if you deal with this question
then we deal with
klien number one of us men
Strategy and that is the theme of the goal
clarity so people dealing with the
question is my dream one
illusions are in the following situation
they have two voices and a
agree b these two are the ones who say
different things are the same
loud and because the same equal
We are also powerful in the
situation that we doubt and
think
Our dream is a fantasy
say the two votes agree says that
does not sound right says the will
they make that a say your dream
is a figment of imagination agree de says something
completely different voice as I said that
is really super fast as I said
that will work and agree b says
do that for as long as the two agree
we are not loud at the same time
this is our task
is it the balance between these
Both are disturbing as we do
the
We'll do that the way we do
want that voice gets louder than
then we just have to go
and the people who visit say
your dream is a fantasy that will
do not work and how will she do it
make sense if we often enough from the outside
holland that our dream
then we believe
At some point we believe that someday
and if that leaves us from our dream if
but we want that to be quieter
and agree b gets bigger than voice and
gets louder and then becomes more powerful
we have to and now that is
crucial step and the
key message from this video
then we have to look for role models
role models are people who ever
have realized similar dreams as we have
straight in the head you'll be in groups
you will find the forums you
you will be on different
find websites and there must be
a little rum suggestion if you are there
then you will contact me
realize that your dream is not
it's just that you are simple
just have to know what's next
step what are the next steps
to follow your dream to
realize message on this
job seeks the role models active steps
their books were in contact with them
then go to the lectures book then seminaries and
look what's the next step
screw it with it